hello guys yes yes yes this is the
finishing product Jenna Rose of their
virgin fantasy curly hair this is 16 18
20 I don't know if you guys can see this
the other back looks it's a shrewd hey
ladies like that's my but yeah it's just
funny so it's amazing actually my
stylist loves it everybody loves it I
mean I'm running my fingers through this
I'm not leaving here it's not shedding
shutting as much of neck I'm gonna get
some shutting because we did cut up here
and Lake include one here so we might
get a little bit of shedding I mean this
hair is obviously gonna shed a little
bit i mean as long and i expect shutting
I don't want I don't expect shedding
like my better nice like that but I love
this hair like what turning black please
those black teams brought whatever my
hair looks better than yours so I'm
sorry make your hair looks awesome but
this was better i'm just learning
competition competition you my girl girl
i look but this i just i mean i think i
feel like my hair is full because my
head is really small thanks to myself
stay back here you know I'll I heard
mine anyway tell girls i mean this is
the 20 and he was falling to my waist
i'm pretty sure though I'm like 55 so if
you're a big tall women I don't know but
oh god I went through health and in his
hair it was friggin worth it was worth
the four hundred dollars i'm happy Jane
Jane i love you i love you i love you i
love you i love you know if you're gonna
fly here please buy hair from the Virgin
fantasy they are of major i'm going to
leave the link on the bottom there I
have always loved to do that so I'm here
in love is to the colored suit of length
it's soft I'm gonna do it update when i
come back from my vacation and tell you
guys like you know what it did to
maintain
in how it looks for stuff like that so
if it's like I don't know like I just
put it inside it's really good right now
like my ends are a bit truck I mean
whatever posted i will do about that but
it means it's full and it's not it's I
haven't even fully bled in my hair like
I dyed my hair any grill and it's just
like it's blending perfectly with this
hair like I mean I'm not going to be
iron my hair cells a cemetery or use for
macular my friend is back with in
Toronto we'll see what we can do about
that ago update email a lot of glare but
right now it would be happy I love it I
love I'm in love I look like the answer
all my fiancée but you want to music yes
so we're signing off for now all because
we're gonna go and love to hear some
more and y'all follow me on Twitter
on Twitter at underscore underscore own
Anna honestly yeah you know so I do it
okay buck me up hook me up my little bit
the parts amazing i would ask you to
follow my sister was sure to underscore
fizzled out / christophe bands if you
like a strong good health so yeah I'm
we'll be back we'll be back all right
he's out this is